Few weeks ago I stumbled upon one of the most popular TV Shows on the Spanish night strips "Cuarto Milenio" and I must confess I was pretty amazed by the results of a young scientific about Twitter. Specifically, he, who's by chance is a Data Scientist, was reseraching about the patterns in the Trending Topics of those days, which were events such as the US presidential elections, or the polarized politic scene in Spain.
He assured by showing the results, that it is right that people follow the same pattern when it comes to tweet some current events, and this is normally given, specially in the political spectrum, at night schedule, when people is having some rest at home after a long journey. But let's go with the nitty-gritty: The results showed that a manipulation existed from unknown tweet publication sources. And this manipulation pretty much well measured and scheduled. By the time one trending topic was loosing strenght the thousand of bot accounts automatically relaunched the topic to make the people keep posting about it.  
And that's when my curiosity soared about this topic and I proposed myself to make my own analysis by start learning, at first instance, how to code my own API for extracting information about certain topics. 

Here, I extracted data from 10.000 tweets from the past few days, where the spread of the virus is at higuest levels. However, the results of this sentiment analysis shows that the positive tweets offset the negative ones in a bigger proportion. 
Is this consequence of the advance in the pace of vaccination and the hope associated with it? If we increase the sample, or just we change the date of the tweet extraction we can stumble upon other different results. 
